[BULK] Fix 50 broken links in AspNetCore.Docs as of 6/22/2023 (#29637)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/security/includes/logindisplay-component.md

Due to changes in the framework across releases of ASP.NET Core, Razor markup for the `LoginDisplay` component isn't shown in this section. To inspect the markup of the component for a given release, use ***either*** of the following approaches:

* Create an app provisioned for authentication from the default Blazor WebAssembly project template for the version of ASP.NET Core that you intend to use. Inspect the `LoginDisplay` component in the generated app.

> * Inspect the `LoginDisplay` component in [reference source](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/main/src/ProjectTemplates/Web.ProjectTemplates/content/ComponentsWebAssembly-CSharp/Shared/LoginDisplay.IndividualLocalAuth.razor). The templated content for `Hosted` equal to `true` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inspect the `LoginDisplay` component in [reference source](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/release/7.0/src/ProjectTemplates/Web.ProjectTemplates/content/ComponentsWebAssembly-CSharp/Client/Shared/LoginDisplay.IndividualLocalAuth.razor). The templated content for `Hosted` equal to `true` is used.
```
